Add audit log docs for MI (#4763)
wso2/docs-apim: en/docs/observe/micro-integrator/classic-observability-logs/monitoring-mi-audit-logs.md

---
title: Monitoring Audit Logs - WSO2 API Manager 4.0.0
---
# Monitoring Audit Logs in Micro integrator

> Auditing is a primary requirement when it comes to monitoring production servers. For examples, DevOps need to have a clear mechanism for identifying who did what, and to filter possible system violations or breaches.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Auditing is a primary requirement when it comes to monitoring production servers. For example, DevOps needs to have a clear mechanism to identify who did what, and to filter possible system violations or breaches.
```

Audit logs or audit trails contain a set of log entries that describe a sequence of actions that occurred over a period of time. Audit logs allow you to trace all the actions of a single user, or all the actions or changes introduced to a certain module in the system etc. over a period of time. For example, it captures all the actions of a single user from the first point of logging in to the server.
By default the audit logs that get created when running WSO2 Micro integrator are stored in the `audit.log` file, which is located in the `<MI_HOME>/repository/logs` directory.

> ##Configuring Audit Logs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Configuring Audit Logs
```

    appender.AUDIT_LOGFILE.name = AUDIT_LOGFILE
    appender.AUDIT_LOGFILE.fileName = ${sys:carbon.home}/repository/logs/audit.log
    appender.AUDIT_LOGFILE.filePattern = ${sys:carbon.home}/repository/logs/audit-%d{MM-dd-yyyy}.log
    appender.AUDIT_LOGFILE.layout.type = PatternLayout
    appender.AUDIT_LOGFILE.layout.pattern = [%d] %5p {%c} - %m%ex%n
    appender.AUDIT_LOGFILE.policies.type = Policies
    appender.AUDIT_LOGFILE.policies.time.type = TimeBasedTriggeringPolicy
    appender.AUDIT_LOGFILE.policies.time.interval = 1
    appender.AUDIT_LOGFILE.policies.time.modulate = true
    appender.AUDIT_LOGFILE.policies.size.type = SizeBasedTriggeringPolicy
    appender.AUDIT_LOGFILE.policies.size.size=10MB
    appender.AUDIT_LOGFILE.strategy.type = DefaultRolloverStrategy
    appender.AUDIT_LOGFILE.strategy.max = 20
    appender.AUDIT_LOGFILE.filter.threshold.type = ThresholdFilter
    appender.AUDIT_LOGFILE.filter.threshold.level = INFO
    ```

   The log growth of audit logs can be managed by the configurations discussed in [Managing log growth]({{base_path}}/administer/product-administration/monitoring/logging/managing-log-growth) guide.

## Audit log actions

> In WSO2 MI, audit logs are availble with the management api where you can monitor the changes happened to the MI instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In WSO2 MI, audit logs are available with the management API where you can monitor the changes happening to the MI instance.
```
